[Music]
Planck every day for a month see what
happens to your body I'm sure you've
heard it all before
blinking is a full body workout you can
totally transform your body in less than
five minutes a day just by planking well
I've definitely heard it plenty of times
so I finally decided to try it out for
myself here's what happened when I did
the 30-day plank challenge oh and be
sure to subscribe and turn on post
notifications to join the bright side of
life I've always had a love-hate
relationship with my weight and it's not
like I didn't feel happy with my body
it's just that I've always had a couple
of extra inches around my waist that I
was not opposed to getting rid of but
like anybody these days I just never had
the time to really commit to the gym or
do a full-on workout so again like a lot
of people I turn to the internet for
some quick weight loss options and
that's when I came across this article
about the 30-day plank challenge that
supposed to tone you up in just a month
I was like okay let me get this straight
all I have to do was just one quick
exercise a day to get my dream body
before it's time to flip the calendar ah
yes please and that's when my experiment
began I have to say everything was
pretty chill for the first week I
planked for 20 seconds on the first 2
days for 30 seconds on days 3 & 4 & for
40 seconds on the fifth day I made sure
to let my body rest on day 6 I'm not
gonna lie I was feeling pretty great by
the end of week 1 planking everyday was
already starting to lift my mood
and give me the energy boost I
desperately needed I knew that I could
hold my plank for a lot more than just a
few seconds but I followed the rules of
challenge and waited patiently for a
real challenge
well we two definitely delivered on day
seven and eight of my experiment I held
a plank for 45 seconds on days 9 10 and
11 my goal was to do it for at least a
minute and that's what my confidence
kind of faded I suddenly saw how
difficult this challenge really was for
my body but this reality check only made
me that much more determined to see this
thing through on day 12
I held a plank for 90 seconds and rested
the next day I almost reached my
breaking point during the following six
days on day 14 I planed for 100 seconds
and day 15 it was 110 seconds my core
was quaking like crazy and my eyes were
glued to my phone waiting desperately
for the timer to hit zero for day 16 and
17 my plank was 2 minutes long it went
up to two and a half minutes on day 18
day 19 was a much-needed rest day at
this point in the experiment I started
to really tough enough not only
physically but mentally too I started
focusing on my daily goals more and
working towards them immediately instead
of drowning in procrastination this
sudden boost of motivation and worth
ethic was certainly a pleasant surprise
[Music]
after a little rest I perfected my
two-and-a-half minute plank on days 20
and 21 and then challenged myself to a
three-minute plank on days 22 and 23 it
was around this time in the experiment
when I noticed that the tension that
would usually build up after sitting at
my work desk all day was gone I mean who
knew that planking had so many benefits
besides better muscle tone on days 24
and 25 I held my plank for 3 and a half
minutes and took one more break to let
my muscles rest before the big finale
for some reason the last 4 days were way
easier than I thought they would be on
days 27 and 28 I did a four-minute plank
and already noticed that my abs were a
lot stronger than they'd been at the
start of this experiment honestly there
wasn't that much of a difference
visually but I could feel that holding
my plank was a lot more effortless than
before on day 29 I played for four and a
half minutes and finished my experiment
off on day 30 with a five-minute plane I
gotta be honest with you it been a long
time since I felt so proud of myself and
so good about my body
[Music]
now that my experiment has come to an
end I'm pretty sure I can answer the one
question you're all probably wondering
was it worth it for me it's an absolute
yes of course I didn't end up with a
six-pack which is a real bummer because
I was kind of expecting that for some
reason but I definitely feel way
stronger and healthier another thing
that I've noticed is how much my posture
has improved
apparently planking is really helpful
for that too as for my little bit of
extra inches around my waist they've
almost disappeared entirely
I read that regular planks actually
stimulate your metabolism so I figured
that's probably how I managed to lose
some weight especially considering the
fact that I didn't change my eating
habits at all but that's not the best
part what really surprised me was how
much my mood and general approach to
life has changed I became way more
confident and determined to not only
finish the challenge but to change my
life for the better as well I learned
that when you treat your body right it
inspires you to do the best you can in
any other aspect of your life this
simple exercise gave me that inner power
and strength both physical and mental
that I've always been looking for
if you want to try this experiment out
for yourself there are a few more things
you need to know first of all don't be
afraid of variety doing the same thing
every single day gets a bit boring after
a while that's why I usually switch my
planks up every two or three days you
can do side planks back planks dolphin
planks or caterpillar plates to name a
few
changing things up won't hurt the
efficiency of this challenge one bit in
fact it'll engage even more muscle
groups in your training giving you even
better results another important thing
is your diet to put it short the
healthier it is the better like I said I
didn't change my usual meals but I'll
eat a moderately active lifestyle as it
is
oh well that's if you count walking the
dog for half an hour a day plus my diet
isn't the worst what I'm getting at is
that sitting on the couch all day eating
junk food but planking for a few minutes
a day isn't going to magically give you
your dream body actually if you try to
stick to a diet of your choice while
taking the challenge you'll probably get
even better results than I did keeping
your calorie intake low and eating the
right foods that'll give your body the
nutrients it needs will only help you
out even more and finally don't forget
about your doctor's permission I know
the plank seems really basic but that
doesn't mean it's without wrists for
instance did you know that an improper
plank form can lead to injuries that's
what I'm talking about so make sure to
talk to your doctor before you begin the
30-day plank challenge especially if
you're slightly overweight or have heart
or back problems your doctor will tell
you whether this experiment is advisable
for you and give you all the necessary
instructions and
[Music]
if you're new to this whole exercising
and prank thing and this challenge is
way too hard for you it's okay you can
always go slow and do the plank
challenge for beginners
it starts with 20 seconds on day one and
builds up to just a two minute plank by
day 30 not the 5 minute one I did once
you've done this earlier version you can
then give the one I did a try but most
importantly listen to your body and good
luck so are you gonna try the 30-day
plank challenge yourself sound off in
the comments below don't forget to give
the video a like share it with your
friends and click subscribe to stay on
the bright side of life
you